whjrzxtb ipzp nb lhkz umxr - uzpckpjwl_nb_w_hapz_mxyofx_fjatuztxlk .optvppj kb tipzp vxb, xb n ixap xmzpxfl bxnf bhypvipzp, tip ohjf hu tip bpx. opbnfpb ihmfnjr hkz ipxztb thrptipz tizhkri mhjr gpznhfb hu bpgxzxtnhj, nt ixf tip puupwt hu yxenjr kb thmpzxjt hu pxwi htipz'b lxzjbxjf papj whjanwtnhjb. tip mxvlpztip opbt hu hmf upmmhvbixf, opwxkbp hu inb yxjl lpxzb xjf yxjl anztkpb, tip hjml wkbinhj hj fpwe, xjf vxb mlnjr hj tip hjml zkr. tip xwwhkjtxjt ixf ozhkrit hkt xmzpxfl x ohq hu fhynjhpb, xjf vxb thlnjr xzwintpwtkzxmml vnti tip ohjpb. yxzmhv bxt wzhbb-mprrpf znrit xut, mpxjnjr xrxnjbt tip ynddpj-yxbt. ip ixf bkjepj wippeb, x lpmmhv whygmpqnhj, x btzxnrit oxwe, xj xbwptnw xbgpwt, xjf, vnti inb xzyb fzhggpf, tip gxmyb hu ixjfb hktvxzfb, zpbpyompf xj nfhm. tip fnzpwthz, bxtnbunpf tip xjwihz ixf rhhf ihmf, yxfp inb vxl xut xjf bxt fhvj xyhjrbt kb. vp pqwixjrpf x upv vhzfb mxdnml. xutpzvxzfb tipzp vxb bnmpjwp hj ohxzf tip lxwit. uhz bhyp zpxbhj hz htipz vp fnf jht oprnj tixt rxyp hu fhynjhpb. vp upmt ypfntxtnap, xjf unt uhz jhtinjr okt gmxwnf btxznjr. tip fxl vxb pjfnjr nj x bpzpjntl hu btnmm xjf pqcknbntp oznmmnxjwp. tip vxtpz bihjp gxwnunwxmml; tip bel, vntihkt x bgpwe, vxb x opjnrj nyypjbntl hu kjbtxnjpf mnrit; tip apzl ynbt hj tip pbbpq yxzbi vxb mnep x rxkdl xjf zxfnxjt uxoznw, ikjr uzhy tip vhhfpf znbpb njmxjf, xjf fzxgnjr tip mhv bihzpb nj fnxgixjhkb uhmfb. hjml tip rmhhy th tip vpbt, ozhhfnjr hapz tip kggpz zpxwipb, opwxyp yhzp bhyozp papzl ynjktp, xb nu xjrpzpf ol tip xggzhxwi hu tip bkj.

auto
here is your flag - frequency_is_c_over_lambda_dnvtfrtayu .between us there was, as i have already said somewhere, the bond of the sea. besides holding our hearts together through long periods of separation, it had the effect of making us tolerant of each other's yarnsand even convictions. the lawyerthe best of old fellowshad, because of his many years and many virtues, the only cushion on deck, and was lying on the only rug. the accountant had brought out already a box of dominoes, and was toying architecturally with the bones. marlow sat cross-legged right aft, leaning against the mizzen-mast. he had sunken cheeks, a yellow complexion, a straight back, an ascetic aspect, and, with his arms dropped, the palms of hands outwards, resembled an idol. the director, satisfied the anchor had good hold, made his way aft and sat down amongst us. we exchanged a few words lazily. afterwards there was silence on board the yacht. for some reason or other we did not begin that game of dominoes. we felt meditative, and fit for nothing but placid staring. the day was ending in a serenity of still and exquisite brilliance. the water shone pacifically; the sky, without a speck, was a benign immensity of unstained light; the very mist on the essex marsh was like a gauzy and radiant fabric, hung from the wooded rises inland, and draping the low shores in diaphanous folds. only the gloom to the west, brooding over the upper reaches, became more sombre every minute, as if angered by the approach of the sun.




frequency_is_c_over_lambda_dnvtfrtayu
